---
layout: default
title: 4.2.6 S3
parent: 4.2 Udemy Ultimate AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
grand_parent: 4. Zertifizierungsfragen
nav_order: 6
---

# 4.2.6 Simple Storage Service - S3

## 1. Which S3 Storage Class is the most cost-effective for archiving data with no retrieval time requirement?

1. Amazon Glacier
2. Amazon Glacier Deep Archive
3. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access
4. Amazon S3 Intelligent Tiering

<details>
  <summary>Lösung</summary>
  <b>Amazon Glacier Deep Archive</b>
</details>

---

## 2. What hybrid AWS service is used to allow on-premises servers to seamlessly use the AWS Cloud at the storage layer?

1. Elastic Block Storage
2. Snowball
3. S3
4. Storage Gateway

<details>
  <summary>Lösung</summary>
  <b>Storage Gateway</b>
</details>

---

## 3. Which of the following services is a petabyte-scale data moving service (as a fleet) in or out of AWS with computing capabilities?

1. Snowcone
2. Snowball Edge
3. Snowmobile

<details>
  <summary>Lösung</summary>
  <b>Snowball Edge</b>
</details>

---

## 4. Which of the following is an exabytes-scale data moving service in or out of AWS?

1. Snowcone
2. Snowball Edge
3. Snowmobile

<details>
  <summary>Lösung</summary>
  <b>Snowmobile</b>
</details>

---

## 5. What are Objects NOT composed of?

1. Key
2. Value
3. Access Key
4. Metadata

<details>
  <summary>Lösung</summary>
  <b>Access Key</b>
</details>

---

## 6. Where are objects stored in Amazon S3?

1. Folders
2. Buckets
3. Files
4. Bin

<details>
  <summary>Lösung</summary>
  <b>Buckets</b>
</details>

---

## 7. A research team deployed in a location with low-internet connection would like to move 5 TBs of data to the Cloud. Which service can it use?

1. Storage Gateway
2. Snowball Edge
3. Snowcone
4. OpsHub

<details>
  <summary>Lösung</summary>
  <b>Snowcone</b>
</details>

---

## 8. What can you use to define actions to move S3 objects between different storage classes?

1. Scaling Policy
2. Bucket Policies
3. Lifecycle Rules
4. Replication

<details>
  <summary>Lösung</summary>
  <b>Lifecycle Rules</b>
</details>

---

## 9. A non-profit organization needs to regularly transfer petabytes of data to the cloud and to have access to local computing capacity. Which service can help with this task?

1. Snowball Edge - Storage Optimized
2. Snowball Edge - Compute Optimized
3. Snowcone
4. Snowmobile

<details>
  <summary>Lösung</summary>
  <b>Snowball Edge - Storage Optimized</b>
</details>

---

## 10. Which S3 Storage Class is suitable for less frequently accessed data, but with rapid access when needed, while keeping a high durability and allowing an Availability Zone failure?

1. Amazon S3 Standard - General Purpose
2. Amazon Glacier
3. Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access
4. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access

<details>
  <summary>Lösung</summary>
  <b>Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access</b>
</details>
